content/home/about.md, before:

+++
# About widget.
widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 20  # Order that this section will appear in.

[design]
  columns = "1"

# Choose the user profile to display
# This should be the username of a profile in your `content/authors/` folder.
# See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/get-started/#introduce-yourself
+++
# The Opportunity
Math<sup>Industry</sup> (Math to power industry) is a professional development
school positioned to benefit Canadian industry because:

1. Recent PhDs and Postdocs in the mathematical sciences are a national resource
   that is poised to be underutilized.
2. Ideas from the mathematical sciences are vital to Canada’s industry sectors
   and are especially important during and after the pandemic.
3. A cohort-based training and job placement program focused on key industry
   sectors will help advance Canada’s economy.

The drastic decrease in economic activity caused by the pandemic combined with
cost explosions in other governmental programs will lead to significant cuts in
higher education budgets. Reductions in the capacity of universities to hire new
faculty and postdocs will essentially eliminate a career pathway for a
generation of young researchers. This talent pool should be effectively
redirected toward activities that drive Canada’s economic recovery.

Commit message:

Adding people and tuning content a bit for first round of feedback
Signed-off-by: Ian Allison <iana@pims.math.ca>

content/home/about.md, after:

+++
# About widget.
widget = "blank"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 20  # Order that this section will appear in.

[design]
  columns = "1"

# Choose the user profile to display
# This should be the username of a profile in your `content/authors/` folder.
# See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/get-started/#introduce-yourself
+++
## The Opportunity
Math<sup>Industry</sup> (Math to power industry) is a professional development
school positioned to benefit Canadian industry because:

1. Recent PhDs and Postdocs in the mathematical sciences are a national resource
   that is poised to be underutilized.
2. Ideas from the mathematical sciences are vital to Canada’s industry sectors
   and are especially important during and after the pandemic.
3. A cohort-based training and job placement program focused on key industry
   sectors will help advance Canada’s economy.

The drastic decrease in economic activity caused by the pandemic combined with
cost explosions in other governmental programs will lead to significant cuts in
higher education budgets. Reductions in the capacity of universities to hire new
faculty and postdocs will essentially eliminate a career pathway for a
generation of young researchers. This talent pool should be effectively
redirected toward activities that drive Canada’s economic recovery.

The important role that mathematical scientists play in defining government
policy responses to the pandemic is analogous to the role these experts should
play across Canada’s industry sectors. Governmental decisions regarding when or
how to optimally implement policies to flatten the curve rely upon predictive
models, data analysis, and other mathematical insights. Effective business
decision-making similarly requires expertise in modeling, computation,
statistics, optimization (mathematical sciences). Studies by Deloitte have
revealed the enormous impact the mathematical sciences have on the UK Economy
and the Dutch Economy. Goals for the Math<sup>Industry</sup> include economic
stimulation during and after the COVID-19 pandemic, placement of recent
mathematical science PhDs into jobs in western Canada, and an ongoing
improvement to Canada’s Business Enterprise Research and Development capacity.

## The Plan
The Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences (PIMS) and partners are
offering a rapid response program to train and place young mathematical
scientists into jobs in important industry sectors in western Canada (agrifood,
energy, forestry, health care, mining). This program will start with a training
bootcamp (software best practices, business, communications, project
management), group collaborations with industry partners, and create a funnel
leading to job placements in industry.
