content/home/editions.md, before:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "edition"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 60  # Order that this section will appear.

columns = 1

title = "Math<sup>Industry</sup> Editions"
subtitle = "Explore the projects and reports from previous editions of <em>Math<sup>Industry</sup></em>"

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "2006"

# Editions.
#   Add/remove as many `[[edition]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `edition_url` and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's ongoing
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[edition]]
  title = "Math<sup>Industry</sup> 2021"
  edition_url = "/"
  location = ""
  date_start = "2021-08-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
We are now accepting proposals for new projects. Please <a href="#contact">contact us</a> for more information.
  """
[[edition]]
  title = "Math<sup>Industry</sup> 2020"
  edition_url = "/2020/"
  location = ""
  date_start = "2020-08-01"
  date_end = "2020-08-30"
  description = """
##### 2020 Industry Partners
* Aerium Analytics Inc.
* ATCO Ltd.
* BC Financial Services Authority
* Cenovus Energy Inc.
* The Divi Project
* Environmental Instruments Canada Inc.
* Fotech Solutions
* IOTO International Inc.
* McMillan-McGee Corporation
* Ovintiv Inc.

View the [2020 final report](/2020/final-report/M2PI-FinalReport.pdf).
  """

+++

Commit message:

Link editions on 2020 page
Signed-off-by: Ian Allison <iana@pims.math.ca>

content/home/editions.md, after:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "edition"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 60  # Order that this section will appear.

columns = 1

title = "Math<sup>Industry</sup> Editions"
subtitle = "Explore the projects and reports from previous editions of <em>Math<sup>Industry</sup></em>"

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "2006"

# Editions.
#   Add/remove as many `[[edition]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `edition_url` and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's ongoing
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[edition]]
  title = "Math<sup>Industry</sup> 2021"
  edition_url = "/"
  location = ""
  date_start = "2021-08-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
We are now accepting proposals for new projects. Please <a href="#contact">contact us</a> for more information.
  """

[[edition]]
  title = "Math<sup>Industry</sup> 2020"
  edition_url = "/2020/"
  location = ""
  date_start = "2020-08-01"
  date_end = "2020-08-30"
  description = """
Projects, reports, team members and other details are available on the [Math<sup>Industry</sup> 2020 page](/2020/).
##### 2020 Industry Partners
* Aerium Analytics Inc.
* ATCO Ltd.
* BC Financial Services Authority
* Cenovus Energy Inc.
* The Divi Project
* Environmental Instruments Canada Inc.
* Fotech Solutions
* IOTO International Inc.
* McMillan-McGee Corporation
* Ovintiv Inc.

  """

+++
