content/home/hero.md, before:

+++
# Hero widget.
widget = "hero"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 10  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "<em>Math<sup>Industry</sup> 2021</em>"

# Hero image (optional). Enter filename of an image in the `static/img/` folder.
#hero_media = "hero-academic.png"

[design.background]
  # Apply a background color, gradient, or image.
  #   Uncomment (by removing `#`) an option to apply it.
  #   Choose a light or dark text color by setting `text_color_light`.
  #   Any HTML color name or Hex value is valid.

  # Background color.
  # color = "navy"
  
  # Background gradient.
  gradient_start = "#005cb9"
  gradient_end = "#005cb9"

  # Background image.
  # image = ""  # Name of image in `static/img/`.
  # image_darken = 0.6  # Darken the image? Range 0-1 where 0 is transparent and 1 is opaque.
  # image_size = "cover"  #  Options are `cover` (default), `contain`, or `actual` size.
  # image_position = "center"  # Options include `left`, `center` (default), or `right`.
  # image_parallax = true  # Use a fun parallax-like fixed background effect? true/false
  
  # Text color (true=light or false=dark).
  text_color_light = true

# Call to action links (optional).
#   Display link(s) by specifying a URL and label below. Icon is optional for `[cta]`.
#   Remove a link/note by deleting a cta/note block.
#[cta]
#  url = "https://survey.ucalgary.ca/jfe/form/SV_bvjOdszlcRNLSrb"
#  label = "Participant Survey"
#  icon_pack = "fas"
# icon = "users"
  
#[cta_alt]
#  url = "https://survey.ucalgary.ca/jfe/form/SV_7Oho3jCh8rP51nD"
#  label = "Mentor Survey"
#  icon_pack = "fas"
#  icon = "chalkboard-teacher"

# Note. An optional note to show underneath the links.
[cta_note]
  label = 'August 3 to August 27, 2021 (gala August 26)'
+++
**August 3-27, 2021**

Together with our partners, [PIMS](https://www.pims.math.ca) is excited to offer
a 4-week virtual Math<sup>Industry</sup> workshop for graduate students
and postdoctoral fellows in the mathematical and statistical sciences to gain
the industry skills needed for success in their careers.

This workshop has two main objectives:

1. To build technical skills in programming and computational workflows
2. To build business skills for effective teamwork and technical report writing

Attendees will gain hands-on experience as part of a team working on a
real-world problem posed by an industry partner. Potential industry partners
can also [contact us](#contact) to learn more or propose projects.

Commit message:

Adding participant registration instructions
Signed-off-by: Ian Allison <iana@pims.math.ca>

content/home/hero.md, after:

+++
# Hero widget.
widget = "hero"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 10  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "<em>Math<sup>Industry</sup> 2021</em>"

# Hero image (optional). Enter filename of an image in the `static/img/` folder.
#hero_media = "hero-academic.png"

[design.background]
  # Apply a background color, gradient, or image.
  #   Uncomment (by removing `#`) an option to apply it.
  #   Choose a light or dark text color by setting `text_color_light`.
  #   Any HTML color name or Hex value is valid.

  # Background color.
  # color = "navy"
  
  # Background gradient.
  gradient_start = "#005cb9"
  gradient_end = "#005cb9"

  # Background image.
  # image = ""  # Name of image in `static/img/`.
  # image_darken = 0.6  # Darken the image? Range 0-1 where 0 is transparent and 1 is opaque.
  # image_size = "cover"  #  Options are `cover` (default), `contain`, or `actual` size.
  # image_position = "center"  # Options include `left`, `center` (default), or `right`.
  # image_parallax = true  # Use a fun parallax-like fixed background effect? true/false
  
  # Text color (true=light or false=dark).
  text_color_light = true

# Call to action links (optional).
#   Display link(s) by specifying a URL and label below. Icon is optional for `[cta]`.
#   Remove a link/note by deleting a cta/note block.
[cta]
  url = "https://ubc.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0pUcOQkSMvryi8e"
  label = "Register"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  icon = "users"
  
#[cta_alt]
#  url = "https://survey.ucalgary.ca/jfe/form/SV_7Oho3jCh8rP51nD"
#  label = "Mentor Survey"
#  icon_pack = "fas"
#  icon = "chalkboard-teacher"

# Note. An optional note to show underneath the links.
[cta_note]
  label = 'August 3 to August 27, 2021 (gala August 26)'
+++
**August 3-27, 2021**

Together with our partners, [PIMS](https://www.pims.math.ca) is excited to offer
a 4-week virtual Math<sup>Industry</sup> workshop for graduate students
and postdoctoral fellows in the mathematical and statistical sciences to gain
the industry skills needed for success in their careers.

This workshop has two main objectives:

1. To build technical skills in programming and computational workflows
2. To build business skills for effective teamwork and technical report writing

Attendees will gain hands-on experience as part of a team working on a
real-world problem posed by an industry partner. Potential industry partners
can also [contact us](#contact) to learn more or propose projects.

Applications will close on **July 16 at 5 pm Pacific**.  Participants will be
notified of their acceptance to the program no later than July 20, 2021, and
will be expected to accept their registration immediately (no later than July
26, 2021).
