content/project/bc-financial-services-authority/index.md, before:

---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "BC Financial Services Authority"
summary: ""
authors: []
tags: []
categories: []
date: 2020-07-23T16:59:33-07:00

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment and edit lines below to show custom links.
# links:
# - name: Follow
#   url: https://twitter.com
#   icon_pack: fab
#   icon: twitter

url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""
---

# Housing price estimates/forecasts for BC real estate markets

### Industry Mentor: David Dong, Senior Analyst, BC Financial Services Authority

The goal of this project is to develop a housing price estimate/forecast using publicly available data to inform evidence-based decision making for the benefit of government regulators, industry practitioners, and concerned citizens.  

Students will be expected to use Python 3.X for data acquisition, cleaning, organization, and manipulation.  Working experience with libraries such as Pandas may be useful.  Previous experience with other programming languages such as Matlab or R is useful but not required.

Commit message:

Adding mentors for other projects
Signed-off-by: Ian Allison <iana@pims.math.ca>

content/project/bc-financial-services-authority/index.md, after:

---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "BC Financial Services Authority"
summary: "The goal of this project is to develop a housing price
estimate/forecast using publicly available data to inform evidence-based
decision making for the benefit of government regulators, industry
practitioners, and concerned citizens.  

Students will be expected to use Python 3.X for data acquisition, cleaning,
organization, and manipulation.  Working experience with libraries such as
Pandas may be useful.  Previous experience with other programming languages such
as Matlab or R is useful but not required."
authors: ["dong", "moosvi"]
tags: []
categories: []
date: 2020-07-23T16:59:33-07:00

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment and edit lines below to show custom links.
# links:
# - name: Follow
#   url: https://twitter.com
#   icon_pack: fab
#   icon: twitter

url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""
---

# Housing price estimates/forecasts for BC real estate markets

### Industry Mentor: David Dong, Senior Analyst, BC Financial Services Authority

The goal of this project is to develop a housing price estimate/forecast using publicly available data to inform evidence-based decision making for the benefit of government regulators, industry practitioners, and concerned citizens.  

Students will be expected to use Python 3.X for data acquisition, cleaning, organization, and manipulation.  Working experience with libraries such as Pandas may be useful.  Previous experience with other programming languages such as Matlab or R is useful but not required.
